=head1 NAME

tksrc - User configuration file for tks

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<.tksrc> in a home directory file describes the systems 
and other configuration for a given user running L<tks(1)>.

The file does not need to exist for TKS to function, 
though inevitably you will want to create one 
if you're not using Catalyst's WRMS system or 
you want to set up aliases.

=head2 Sections

The B<.tksrc> file, like all C<.INI> files, is broken up into sections. 
Apart from the B<requestmap> section, all sections refer to systems 
(see L<tks(1)>).

The B<default> section is used for configuration 
when no B<-s> option is passed to B<tks>. 
Passing B<-s systemname> to B<tks> will cause it to use the configuration 
for the B<systemname> section.

Available options for the system sections:

=over 4

=item B<username>

Your username for logging in.

=item B<password>

Your password. 
You don't have to store this, you will be prompted for it if required.

=item B<site>

The URL of the system.

=item B<backend>

One of the installed TKS backends.

=item B<defaultfile>

The TKS file to use by default for this system 
(allows you to skip specifying a filename).

=item B<defaultfilter>

The default filter to use when processing a file 
(like the B<--filter> option to B<tks>).

=item B<case-insensitive>

Should the B<requestmap> section be treated case insensitively? 
(0 or 1, default 0.)

=item B<org>

Which organisation ID to use when searching for a user with B<-u>. You can search
all organisations by specifying "any", but this will be slower.

=item B<extra>

Display extra information as comments after timesheets (if your backend
supports it).

Values 0 or 1

=back

By default, B<tks> is set to use 
L<https://wrms.catalyst.net.nz> for a site and WRMSWeb as the backend.
You can override these details by providing a B<default> section.

The B<requestmap> section contains a list of request aliases 
to their actual identifiers used by the TKS backend. 
In the case of WRMS, the identifiers are the work request numbers.

If you don't specify a username or password, 
you will be prompted for them when necessary, 
so there's no need to store your password in 
your B<.tksrc> file if you don't want to.

=head1 EXAMPLE

The following is a sample B<.tksrc> file.

    [default]
    username = nigelcat
  
    [test]
    site = http://wrms.freud.wgtn.cat-it.co.nz/
    username = nigelcat
    backend = Medusa
  
    [requestmap]
    fireme = 14

=head1 AUTHOR

This manpage is written by Nigel McNie. 
tks is written by Martyn Smith and Nigel McNie.

=head1 SEE ALSO

tks(1)
